source/includes/_crypto_flow.md, before:

# Crypto ingress flow

This section describes the endpoints used in the crypto ingress flow. They are also used in the [**iframe**
integration](#crypto-iframe-integration).

Follow these steps when using this flow:

1. Request a crypto address to which coins or tokens will be transferred.
2. For account-based blockchains, e.g. `ETH`, register the transaction details once it has been initiated.
3. Once the transaction has been confirmed, a notification request will be sent to a URL provided by the merchant.
4. Upon receiving the notification, the merchant should send a request to initiate an invoice.

## Request address for UTXO-based blockchains

This endpoint should only be used for UTXO-based blockchains, e.g., `BTC` and `BCH`.  For account-based blockchains, please refer to [Request address for account-based blockchains and tokens](#request-address-for-account-based-blockchains-and-tokens)

A receiving address will be returned once a successful request is made to this endpoint.

<aside class="success"><b><code>POST /blockchain/api/v1/{chain}/address/new</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell
curl -X POST 'https://api.onramp.ltd/blockchain/api/v1/btc/address/new' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-d '{
    "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
    "fiat_amount": 10000,
    "fiat_currency": "EUR",
    "notify_new_funds_url": "http://mydomain.com/callback/notify/crypto_done",
    "email": "example@example.com",
    "merchant_reference_id": "MERCHANT_REF_ID_1"
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
  "fiat_amount": 10000,
  "fiat_currency": "EUR",
  "notify_new_funds_url": "http://mydomain.com/callback/notify/crypto_done",
  "email": "example@example.com",
  "merchant_reference_id": "MERCHANT_REF_ID_1"
}
```

> Response JSON

```json
{
  "address": "BITCOIN_ADDRESS_1",
  "chain": "btc",
  "qr_base64": "data:image/png;base64,AAAA..."
}
```

### Request URL Parameters

| Field | Type   | Description                   | Required |
| ----- | ------ | ----------------------------- | -------- |
| chain | String | Blockchain, e.g.,`btc`, `bch` | Yes      |

### Request JSON Fields

| Field                 | Type    | Description                                                                            | Required |
| --------------------- | --------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| merchant_customer_id  | String  | The merchant customer id.                                                              | Yes      |
| fiat_amount           | Integer | Amount expected to be paid denominated in cents.                                       | Yes      |
| fiat_currency         | String  | Currency identifier following the ISO 4217 standard.                                   | Yes      |
| notify_new_funds_url  | Url     | Callback URL to which a request will be sent after the transaction has been confirmed. | Yes      |
| email                 | Email   | Email of the customer.                                                                 | No       |
| merchant_reference_id | String  | A reference id for the merchant, e.g., internal transaction id.                        | No       |

### Response JSON Fields

| Field     | Type   | Description                                     |
| --------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| address   | String | Blockchain address to which funds will be sent. |
| chain     | String | Blockchain, e.g.,`btc`, `bch`.                  |
| qr_base64 | String | QR code data URL.                               |

## Request address for account-based blockchains and tokens

This endpoint should only be used for account-based blockchains, e.g., `ETH` and `USDT`.  For UTXO-based blockchains, please refer to [Request address for UTXO-based blockchains](#request-address-for-utxo-based-blockchains)

A receiving address will be returned along with a reference ID once a successful request is made to this endpoint.

After a transaction has been made, register the transaction with [Register transaction for account-based blockchains and tokens](#register-transaction-for-account-based-blockchains-and-tokens)

<aside class="success"><b><code>POST /blockchain/api/v2/transaction</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell
curl -X POST 'https://api.onramp.ltd/blockchain/api/v2/transaction' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-d '{
    "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
    "fiat_amount": 10000,
    "fiat_currency": "EUR",
    "sender_address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_1",
    "chain": "eth",
    "notify_new_funds_url": "http://mydomain.com/callback/notify/crypto_done",
    "email": "example@example.com",
    "merchant_reference_id": "MERCHANT_REF_ID_1"
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
  "fiat_amount": 10000,
  "fiat_currency": "EUR",
  "sender_address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_1",
  "chain": "eth",
  "notify_new_funds_url": "http://mydomain.com/callback/notify/crypto_done",
  "email": "example@example.com",
  "merchant_reference_id": "MERCHANT_REF_ID_1"
}
```
> Response JSON

```json
{
  "address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_2",
  "chain": "eth",
  "qr_base64": "data:image/png;base64,AAAA...",
  "xref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
}
```

### Request JSON Fields

| Field                 | Type    | Description                                                                            | Required |
| --------------------- | --------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| merchant_customer_id  | String  | The merchant customer id.                                                              | Yes      |
| fiat_amount           | Integer | Amount expected to be paid denominated in cents.                                       | Yes      |
| fiat_currency         | String  | Currency identifier following the ISO 4217 standard.                                   | Yes      |
| sender_address        | String  | Blockchain public address of the sender.                                               | Yes      |
| chain                 | String  | Blockchain, e.g.,`eth`.                                                                | Yes      |
| notify_new_funds_url  | Url     | Callback URL to which a request will be sent after the transaction has been confirmed. | Yes      |
| email                 | Email   | Email of the customer.                                                                 | No       |
| merchant_reference_id | String  | A reference id for the merchant, e.g., internal transaction id.                        | No       |

### Response JSON Fields

| Field     | Type   | Description                                     |
| --------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| address   | String | Blockchain address to which funds will be sent. |
| chain     | String | Blockchain, e.g.,`eth`.                         |
| qr_base64 | String | QR code data URL.                               |
| xref      | String | Reference ID.                                   |


## Register transaction for account-based blockchains and tokens

This endpoint should only be used for account-based blockchains, e.g., `ETH` and `USDT`.  For UTXO-based blockchains, please refer to [Request address for UTXO-based blockchains](#request-address-for-utxo-based-blockchains)

After a transaction has been made, send a request to this endpoint in order to register the transaction.  A reference ID, required for this request, is provided in the response from [Request address for account-based blockchains and tokens](#request-address-for-account-based-blockchains-and-tokens).

<aside class="success"><b><code>PATCH /blockchain/api/v2/transaction</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell
curl -X PATCH 'https://api.onramp.ltd/blockchain/api/v2/transaction' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-d '{
    "xref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
    "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
    "fiat_currency": "EUR",
    "sender_address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_1",
    "chain": "eth",
    "tx_hash": "TRANSACTION_HASH_1",
    "tx_amount": 110,
    "token": "usdt"
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "xref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
  "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
  "fiat_currency": "EUR",
  "sender_address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_1",
  "chain": "eth",
  "tx_hash": "TRANSACTION_HASH_1",
  "tx_amount": 110,
  "token": "usdt"
}
```
> Response JSON

```json
{
  "xref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
}
```

### Request JSON Fields

| Field                | Type    | Description                                                 | Required |
| -------------------- | --------| ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| xref                 | String  | Reference ID received when request for a receiving address. | Yes      |
| merchant_customer_id | String  | The merchant customer id.                                   | Yes      |
| fiat_currency        | String  | Currency identifier following the ISO 4217 standard.        | Yes      |
| sender_address       | String  | Blockchain public address of the sender.                    | Yes      |
| chain                | String  | Blockchain, e.g.,`eth`.                                     | Yes      |
| tx_hash              | String  | Blockchain transaction hash.                                | Yes      |
| tx_amount            | String  | Amount in token unit sent in the transaction.               | Yes      |
| token                | String  | Token sent in the transaction, e.g. `usdt`.                 | Yes      |

### Response JSON Fields

| Field | Type   | Description  |
| ----- | ------ | -------------|
| xref  | String | Reference ID |


## Notification of successful crypto transaction

A URL provided by the merchant in a previous request will be used to send a notification request once the transaction has been confirmed.

**_IMPORTANT_**: This is not the same as `payment_ack_url`. It should NOT be considered as an INVOICE.

<aside class="success"><b><code>POST notify_new_funds_url</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell

curl -X POST notify_new_funds_url \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-d '{
    "crypto_tx_ref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
    "high_risk": false
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "crypto_tx_ref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
  "high_risk": false
}
```

### Request JSON Fields

| Field                | Type    | Description                                                 |
| -------------------- | --------| ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| crypto_tx_ref        | String  | Reference ID to be used when creating an invoice.           |
| high_risk            | Boolean | `true` if the transaction of high risk.  Otherwise, `false` |


### Expected Response

| Status |
| ------ |
| 200    |

## Create crypto ingress invoice

Once the merchant receives a notification that a successful transaction has been made, a request should be sent to this endpoint to create an invoice.

A reference ID, required for this request, is provided in the [Notification of successful crypto transaction](#notification-of-successful-crypto-transaction)

The main difference between this endpoint and the [Ingress API](#ingress-api) is that, the payment amount is absent from the request to this endpoint.  This is because the payment amount depends on what is transferred by the user, instead of the amount provided in the request at the beginning of the crypto ingress flow.

<aside class="success"><b><code>POST `https://api.onramp.ltd/rpc/create_crypto_ingress_invoice`</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell
curl -X POST 'https://api.onramp.ltd/rpc/create_crypto_ingress_invoice' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
    "crypto_tx_ref": "RETURNED_BY_NOTIFICATION_ON_NEW_FUNDS",
    "payment_ack_url": "wwww.example.com",
    "timeout_in_sec": 3600,
    "billing_details": {
        "payer_email": "example@example.com",
        "payer_first_name": "John",
        "payer_last_name": "Doe",
        "payer_phone": "0034666444446",
        "birth_date": "1980-11-24 00:00:00.000000+00",
        "street": "Main Street",
        "unit": "Floor 7 12B",
        "postal_code": "0000001",
        "city": "Big Town",
        "county": "Your County",
        "state": "CA",
        "prefecture": "Prefecture-ku",
        "country": "GBR",
        "kyc_verified": "2020-01-01 12:45:00.000000+00",
        "kyc_document": "Passport",
        "kyc_reference": "25177aa2-d848-846d-226c-97ec3096f5fe",
        "address_verified": "2020-01-01 12:55:00.000000+00",
        "address_doc_reference" : "3sdffdss-4mgo-44gfd-34dx-r34rfdfs4gf",
        "player_level": "New",
        "member_since": "2020-01-01 12:35:00.000000+00",
        "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112"
    }
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "crypto_tx_ref": "RETURNED_BY_NOTIFICATION_ON_NEW_FUNDS",
  "payment_ack_url": "wwww.example.com",
  "timeout_in_sec": 3600,
  "billing_details": {
    "payer_email": "example@example.com",
    "payer_first_name": "John",
    "payer_last_name": "Doe",
    "payer_phone": "0034666444446",
    "birth_date": "1980-11-24 00:00:00.000000+00",
    "street": "Main Street",
    "unit": "Floor 7 12B",
    "postal_code": "0000001",
    "city": "Big Town",
    "county": "Your County",
    "state": "CA",
    "prefecture": "Prefecture-ku",
    "country": "GBR",
    "kyc_verified": "2020-01-01 12:45:00.000000+00",
    "kyc_document": "Passport",
    "kyc_reference": "25177aa2-d848-846d-226c-97ec3096f5fe",
    "address_verified": "2020-01-01 12:55:00.000000+00",
    "address_doc_reference": "3sdffdss-4mgo-44gfd-34dx-r34rfdfs4gf",
    "player_level": "New",
    "member_since": "2020-01-01 12:35:00.000000+00",
    "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112"
  }
}
```

> Response JSON

```json
{
  "invoice_id": "62b570e8-9723-4287-a5a8-e825c2ffced2",
  "invoice_url": "https://wallet.onramp.ltd/ingressing?reference=a3076265-138d-4be6-89fb-d50427adaf4e",
  "invoice_url_qr": "https://api.onramp.ltd/qr_encode/68747470733a2f2f73746167652d77616c6c65742e6f6e72616d702e6c74642f656772657373696e673f7265666572656e63653d38303061343437382d393832322d343561382d616239302d323637306665393262343933",
  "fiat_amount": 1000,
  "fiat_currency": "EUR",
  "crypto_amount": 0.00001,
  "crypto_type": "btc"
}
```

### Request JSON Fields

| Field           | Type            |  Description                                                                                                                        | Required |
| --------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| crypto_tx_ref   | String          | Reference returned by the `notify_new_funds_url` callback.                                                                          | Yes      |
| payment_ack_url | Url             | Merchant callback endpoint to confirm ingress transaction. It should be a complete, well formed, url.                               | Yes      |
| timeout_in_sec  | Integer         | When to expire the link if unused.                                                                                                  | Yes      |
| billing_details | Billing Details | User billing details. Please, notice how **not** all parameters inside this json object are required except `merchant_customer_id`. | Yes      |

### Billing Details

| Field                 | Type   |  Description                                                          | Required |
| --------------------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| payer_email           | Email  | Email of the user making the payment.                                 | Yes      |
| payer_first_name      | String | First name of the user making the payment.                            | No       |
| payer_last_name       | String | Last name of the user making the payment.                             | No       |
| payer_phone           | String | Including country code, without spaces or separators.                 | No       |
| birth_date            | Date   | Date of birth of the user making the payment.                         | No       |
| street                | String | Street from the billing address.                                      | No       |
| unit                  | String | Unit from the billing address.                                        | No       |
| postal_code           | String | Postal code from the billing address.                                 | No       |
| city                  | String | City from the billing address.                                        | No       |
| county                | String | County from the billing address.                                      | No       |
| state                 | String | State from the billing address.                                       | No       |
| prefecture            | String | Prefecture from the billing address.                                  | No       |
| country               | String | Country from the billing address. Should be a 3 letter ISO Code.      | No       |
| kyc_verified          | Date   | Date when the user was KYC verified.                                  | No       |
| kyc_document          | String | Type of the document. Some examples would be Passport or National_ID. | No       |
| kyc_reference         | String | A unique id of the KYC verification. Something like a UUID.           | No       |
| address_verified      | Date   | Date when the address was verified.                                   | No       |
| address_doc_reference | String | A unique id of the address document reference.                        | No       |
| player_level          | String | Your internal player level. Something like New, Normal, VIP, ...      | No       |
| member_since          | Date   | The date since that user is a member of yours.                        | No       |
| merchant_customer_id  | String | The merchant customer id.                                             | Yes      |

### Response JSON Fields

| Field         | Type    |  Description                                                                                                       |
| ------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| fiat_amount   | Integer | Fiat amount in cents denomination after exchange with the current rate of crypto transaction confirmation time.    |
| fiat_currency | String  | Fiat currency. It is the same that the user requested at the beginning of the flow. It is 3 letters ISO 4217 code. |
| crypto_amount | Float   | The amount of crypto that the system received from the user.                                                       |
| crypto_type   | String  | Either "btc" or "bch" for the moment depending on the blockchain that the user selected.                           |

Commit message:

Update crypto ingress related to UTXO and account based transactions

source/includes/_crypto_flow.md, after:

# Crypto ingress flow

This section describes the endpoints used in the crypto ingress flow. They are also used in the [**iframe**
integration](#crypto-iframe-integration).

Follow these steps when using this flow:

1. Initiate a crypto ingress operation.  There are 2 options depending on the type of blockchains used for the transaction:
    1. UTXO based blockchains, e.g., Bitcoin: request an address to which coins will be transferred.
    2. Account-based blockchains, e.g. Ethereum: register the address from which coins/tokens will be transferred. After a transaction has been made, register the transaction details.
2. Once the transaction has been confirmed, a notification request will be sent to a URL provided by the merchant.
3. Upon receiving the notification, the merchant is expected to send a request to initiate an invoice.

## Request address for UTXO-based blockchains

This endpoint should only be used for UTXO-based blockchains, e.g., Bitcoin or Bitcoin Cash.  For account-based blockchains, please refer to [Request address for account-based blockchains and tokens](#request-address-for-account-based-blockchains-and-tokens)

A receiving address will be returned once a successful request is made to this endpoint.

<aside class="success"><b><code>POST /blockchain/api/v1/{chain}/address/new</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell
curl -X POST 'https://api.onramp.ltd/blockchain/api/v1/btc/address/new' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-d '{
    "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
    "fiat_amount": 10000,
    "fiat_currency": "EUR",
    "notify_new_funds_url": "http://mydomain.com/callback/notify/crypto_done",
    "email": "example@example.com",
    "merchant_reference_id": "MERCHANT_REF_ID_1"
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
  "fiat_amount": 10000,
  "fiat_currency": "EUR",
  "notify_new_funds_url": "http://mydomain.com/callback/notify/crypto_done",
  "email": "example@example.com",
  "merchant_reference_id": "MERCHANT_REF_ID_1"
}
```

> Response JSON

```json
{
  "address": "BITCOIN_ADDRESS_1",
  "chain": "btc",
  "qr_base64": "data:image/png;base64,AAAA..."
}
```

### Request URL Parameters

| Field | Type   | Description                   | Required |
| ----- | ------ | ----------------------------- | -------- |
| chain | String | Blockchain, e.g.,`btc`, `bch` | Yes      |


### Request JSON Fields

| Field                 | Type    | Description                                                                            | Required |
| --------------------- | --------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| merchant_customer_id  | String  | The merchant customer id.                                                              | Yes      |
| fiat_amount           | Integer | Amount expected to be paid denominated in cents.                                       | Yes      |
| fiat_currency         | String  | Currency identifier following the ISO 4217 standard.                                   | Yes      |
| notify_new_funds_url  | Url     | Callback URL to which a request will be sent after the transaction has been confirmed. | Yes      |
| email                 | Email   | Email of the customer.                                                                 | No       |
| merchant_reference_id | String  | A reference id for the merchant, e.g., internal transaction id.                        | No       |

### Response JSON Fields

| Field     | Type   | Description                                     |
| --------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| address   | String | Blockchain address to which funds will be sent. |
| chain     | String | Blockchain, e.g.,`btc`, `bch`.                  |
| qr_base64 | String | QR code data URL.                               |

## Request address for account-based blockchains and tokens

This endpoint should only be used for account-based blockchains, e.g., Ethereum.  For UTXO-based blockchains, please refer to [Request address for UTXO-based blockchains](#request-address-for-utxo-based-blockchains)

A receiving address will be returned along with a reference ID once a successful request is made to this endpoint.

After a transaction has been made, register the transaction with [Register transaction for account-based blockchains and tokens](#register-transaction-for-account-based-blockchains-and-tokens)

<aside class="success"><b><code>POST /blockchain/api/v2/transaction</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell
curl -X POST 'https://api.onramp.ltd/blockchain/api/v2/transaction' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-d '{
    "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
    "fiat_amount": 10000,
    "fiat_currency": "EUR",
    "sender_address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_1",
    "chain": "eth",
    "notify_new_funds_url": "http://mydomain.com/callback/notify/crypto_done",
    "email": "example@example.com",
    "merchant_reference_id": "MERCHANT_REF_ID_1"
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
  "fiat_amount": 10000,
  "fiat_currency": "EUR",
  "sender_address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_1",
  "chain": "eth",
  "notify_new_funds_url": "http://mydomain.com/callback/notify/crypto_done",
  "email": "example@example.com",
  "merchant_reference_id": "MERCHANT_REF_ID_1"
}
```
> Response JSON

```json
{
  "address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_2",
  "chain": "eth",
  "qr_base64": "data:image/png;base64,AAAA...",
  "xref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
}
```

### Request JSON Fields

| Field                 | Type    | Description                                                                            | Required |
| --------------------- | --------| -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| merchant_customer_id  | String  | The merchant customer id.                                                              | Yes      |
| fiat_amount           | Integer | Amount expected to be paid denominated in cents.                                       | Yes      |
| fiat_currency         | String  | Currency identifier following the ISO 4217 standard.                                   | Yes      |
| sender_address        | String  | Blockchain public address of the sender.                                               | Yes      |
| chain                 | String  | Blockchain, e.g.,`eth`.                                                                | Yes      |
| notify_new_funds_url  | Url     | Callback URL to which a request will be sent after the transaction has been confirmed. | Yes      |
| email                 | Email   | Email of the customer.                                                                 | No       |
| merchant_reference_id | String  | A reference id for the merchant, e.g., internal transaction id.                        | No       |

### Response JSON Fields

| Field     | Type   | Description                                     |
| --------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------- |
| address   | String | Blockchain address to which funds will be sent. |
| chain     | String | Blockchain, e.g.,`eth`.                         |
| qr_base64 | String | QR code data URL.                               |
| xref      | String | Reference ID.                                   |


## Register transaction for account-based blockchains and tokens

This endpoint should only be used for account-based blockchains, e.g., Ethereum.  For UTXO-based blockchains, please refer to [Request address for UTXO-based blockchains](#request-address-for-utxo-based-blockchains)

After a transaction has been made, send a request to this endpoint in order to register the transaction.  A reference ID, required for this request, is provided in the response from [Request address for account-based blockchains and tokens](#request-address-for-account-based-blockchains-and-tokens).

<aside class="success"><b><code>PATCH /blockchain/api/v2/transaction</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell
curl -X PATCH 'https://api.onramp.ltd/blockchain/api/v2/transaction' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-d '{
    "xref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
    "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
    "fiat_currency": "EUR",
    "sender_address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_1",
    "chain": "eth",
    "tx_hash": "TRANSACTION_HASH_1",
    "tx_amount": 110,
    "token": "usdt"
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "xref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
  "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112",
  "fiat_currency": "EUR",
  "sender_address": "ETHEREUM_ADDRESS_1",
  "chain": "eth",
  "tx_hash": "TRANSACTION_HASH_1",
  "tx_amount": 110,
  "token": "usdt"
}
```
> Response JSON

```json
{
  "xref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111"
}
```

### Request JSON Fields

| Field                | Type    | Description                                                 | Required |
| -------------------- | --------| ----------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| xref                 | String  | Reference ID received when request for a receiving address. | Yes      |
| merchant_customer_id | String  | The merchant customer id.                                   | Yes      |
| fiat_currency        | String  | Currency identifier following the ISO 4217 standard.        | Yes      |
| sender_address       | String  | Blockchain public address of the sender.                    | Yes      |
| chain                | String  | Blockchain, e.g.,`eth`.                                     | Yes      |
| tx_hash              | String  | Blockchain transaction hash.                                | Yes      |
| tx_amount            | String  | Amount in token unit sent in the transaction.               | Yes      |
| token                | String  | Token sent in the transaction, e.g. `usdt`.                 | Yes      |

### Response JSON Fields

| Field | Type   | Description  |
| ----- | ------ | -------------|
| xref  | String | Reference ID |


## Notification of successful crypto transaction

A URL provided by the merchant in a previous request will be used to send a notification request once the transaction has been confirmed.

**_IMPORTANT_**: This is not the same as `payment_ack_url`. It should NOT be considered as an INVOICE.

<aside class="success"><b><code>POST notify_new_funds_url</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell

curl -X POST notify_new_funds_url \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-d '{
    "crypto_tx_ref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
    "high_risk": false
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "crypto_tx_ref": "11111111-1111-1111-1111-111111111111",
  "high_risk": false
}
```

### Request JSON Fields

| Field                | Type    | Description                                                 |
| -------------------- | --------| ----------------------------------------------------------- |
| crypto_tx_ref        | String  | Reference ID to be used when creating an invoice.           |
| high_risk            | Boolean | `true` if the transaction of high risk.  Otherwise, `false` |


### Expected Response

| Status |
| ------ |
| 200    |

## Create crypto ingress invoice

Once the merchant receives a notification that a successful transaction has been made, a request should be sent to this endpoint to create an invoice.

A reference ID, required for this request, is provided in the [Notification of successful crypto transaction](#notification-of-successful-crypto-transaction)

The main difference between this endpoint and the [Ingress API](#ingress-api) is that, the payment amount is absent from the request to this endpoint.  This is because the payment amount depends on what is transferred by the user, instead of the amount provided in the request at the beginning of the crypto ingress flow.

<aside class="success"><b><code>POST `https://api.onramp.ltd/rpc/create_crypto_ingress_invoice`</code></b></aside>

> Example cURL

```shell
curl -X POST 'https://api.onramp.ltd/rpc/create_crypto_ingress_invoice' \
-H 'x-xco-authorization: Bearer 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000' \
-H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
-d '{
    "crypto_tx_ref": "RETURNED_BY_NOTIFICATION_ON_NEW_FUNDS",
    "payment_ack_url": "wwww.example.com",
    "timeout_in_sec": 3600,
    "billing_details": {
        "payer_email": "example@example.com",
        "payer_first_name": "John",
        "payer_last_name": "Doe",
        "payer_phone": "0034666444446",
        "birth_date": "1980-11-24 00:00:00.000000+00",
        "street": "Main Street",
        "unit": "Floor 7 12B",
        "postal_code": "0000001",
        "city": "Big Town",
        "county": "Your County",
        "state": "CA",
        "prefecture": "Prefecture-ku",
        "country": "GBR",
        "kyc_verified": "2020-01-01 12:45:00.000000+00",
        "kyc_document": "Passport",
        "kyc_reference": "25177aa2-d848-846d-226c-97ec3096f5fe",
        "address_verified": "2020-01-01 12:55:00.000000+00",
        "address_doc_reference" : "3sdffdss-4mgo-44gfd-34dx-r34rfdfs4gf",
        "player_level": "New",
        "member_since": "2020-01-01 12:35:00.000000+00",
        "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112"
    }
}'
```

> Request JSON Body

```json
{
  "crypto_tx_ref": "RETURNED_BY_NOTIFICATION_ON_NEW_FUNDS",
  "payment_ack_url": "wwww.example.com",
  "timeout_in_sec": 3600,
  "billing_details": {
    "payer_email": "example@example.com",
    "payer_first_name": "John",
    "payer_last_name": "Doe",
    "payer_phone": "0034666444446",
    "birth_date": "1980-11-24 00:00:00.000000+00",
    "street": "Main Street",
    "unit": "Floor 7 12B",
    "postal_code": "0000001",
    "city": "Big Town",
    "county": "Your County",
    "state": "CA",
    "prefecture": "Prefecture-ku",
    "country": "GBR",
    "kyc_verified": "2020-01-01 12:45:00.000000+00",
    "kyc_document": "Passport",
    "kyc_reference": "25177aa2-d848-846d-226c-97ec3096f5fe",
    "address_verified": "2020-01-01 12:55:00.000000+00",
    "address_doc_reference": "3sdffdss-4mgo-44gfd-34dx-r34rfdfs4gf",
    "player_level": "New",
    "member_since": "2020-01-01 12:35:00.000000+00",
    "merchant_customer_id": "u2340112"
  }
}
```

> Response JSON

```json
{
  "invoice_id": "62b570e8-9723-4287-a5a8-e825c2ffced2",
  "invoice_url": "https://wallet.onramp.ltd/ingressing?reference=a3076265-138d-4be6-89fb-d50427adaf4e",
  "invoice_url_qr": "https://api.onramp.ltd/qr_encode/68747470733a2f2f73746167652d77616c6c65742e6f6e72616d702e6c74642f656772657373696e673f7265666572656e63653d38303061343437382d393832322d343561382d616239302d323637306665393262343933",
  "fiat_amount": 1000,
  "fiat_currency": "EUR",
  "crypto_amount": 0.00001,
  "crypto_type": "btc"
}
```

### Request JSON Fields

| Field           | Type            |  Description                                                                                                                        | Required |
| --------------- | --------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| crypto_tx_ref   | String          | Reference returned by the `notify_new_funds_url` callback.                                                                          | Yes      |
| payment_ack_url | Url             | Merchant callback endpoint to confirm ingress transaction. It should be a complete, well formed, url.                               | Yes      |
| timeout_in_sec  | Integer         | When to expire the link if unused.                                                                                                  | Yes      |
| billing_details | Billing Details | User billing details. Please, notice how **not** all parameters inside this json object are required except `merchant_customer_id`. | Yes      |

### Billing Details

| Field                 | Type   |  Description                                                          | Required |
| --------------------- | ------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------- |
| payer_email           | Email  | Email of the user making the payment.                                 | Yes      |
| payer_first_name      | String | First name of the user making the payment.                            | No       |
| payer_last_name       | String | Last name of the user making the payment.                             | No       |
| payer_phone           | String | Including country code, without spaces or separators.                 | No       |
| birth_date            | Date   | Date of birth of the user making the payment.                         | No       |
| street                | String | Street from the billing address.                                      | No       |
| unit                  | String | Unit from the billing address.                                        | No       |
| postal_code           | String | Postal code from the billing address.                                 | No       |
| city                  | String | City from the billing address.                                        | No       |
| county                | String | County from the billing address.                                      | No       |
| state                 | String | State from the billing address.                                       | No       |
| prefecture            | String | Prefecture from the billing address.                                  | No       |
| country               | String | Country from the billing address. Should be a 3 letter ISO Code.      | No       |
| kyc_verified          | Date   | Date when the user was KYC verified.                                  | No       |
| kyc_document          | String | Type of the document. Some examples would be Passport or National_ID. | No       |
| kyc_reference         | String | A unique id of the KYC verification. Something like a UUID.           | No       |
| address_verified      | Date   | Date when the address was verified.                                   | No       |
| address_doc_reference | String | A unique id of the address document reference.                        | No       |
| player_level          | String | Your internal player level. Something like New, Normal, VIP, ...      | No       |
| member_since          | Date   | The date since that user is a member of yours.                        | No       |
| merchant_customer_id  | String | The merchant customer id.                                             | Yes      |

### Response JSON Fields

| Field         | Type    |  Description                                                                                                       |
| ------------- | ------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| fiat_amount   | Integer | Fiat amount in cents denomination after exchange with the current rate of crypto transaction confirmation time.    |
| fiat_currency | String  | Fiat currency. It is the same that the user requested at the beginning of the flow. It is 3 letters ISO 4217 code. |
| crypto_amount | Float   | The amount of crypto that the system received from the user.                                                       |
| crypto_type   | String  | Either "btc" or "bch" for the moment depending on the blockchain that the user selected.                           |
